                            ProxyManager
                          ----------------

What is it?
-----------
ProxyManager is a tool to manage the proxy setting(s) for software running on
Linux-like systems.  It automates changing the "Use Proxy" setting between ON
and OFF for individual programs.

In short, ProxyManager was born out of the frustration of having to google to
find where to set that proxy setting for every program or daemon.

Where there exist some "global" configuration option to manage proxy settings
centrally to problem is often that these require a logout-re-loging or worse,
a reboot, and are not supported by all applications.  Worst is these options
are very specific to the various linux distributions.

ProxyManager is pluggable - it uses a set of modules (scripts), each managing
the proxy setting for one application or service.

ProxyManager solves this by changing the proxy settings for each application
directly so that it avoids the "inherited" proxy settings problems with other
ways of setting proxy settings.

Licensing
---------
Copyright 2014 by Johan Hartzenberg 

ProxyManager is distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License.
Refer to the included file COPYING for details about the license.

Contacts
--------
Author: Johan Hartzenberg -> johan@webmaster.co.za

For Bug reports, feature requests or to contribute a module you made please 
visit the below GitHub page.

The Latest Version
------------------
The latest version of ProxyManager is available from here GitHub:
    https://github.com/Tahaan/proxymanager

Usage
-----
The main command turns the proxy setting ON or OFF or checks (reports) the 
current proxy settings in each program.

Note: You may want to add the installation directory to the command search PATH
 or create a soft-link to the program in /usr/bin, or use some aliases to save
 on typing (Samples are given when you install ProxyManager)

Enable Proxy:
  proxymanager on
  
Disable Proxy:
  proxymanager off
  
Check Proxy setting for each program:
  proxymanager check

To list available modules:
  proxymanager-modules avail
  
To list Active (Enabled) modules
  proxymanager-modules list
  
To enable a specified module:
  proxymanager-modules enable bashrc
  
To update the Proxy Settings / configuration
  proxymanager-setup
  
See the Manual file for more detailed information.
  
Modules
-------
ProxyManager uses modules to manage the proxy setting for system services and 
user applications.  The method employed depends on what features the specific 
program supports.  Modules can re-start a running service with a new 
configuration file or an updated environment.

Standard Modules included
-------------------------
     1  bashrc
		Updates .bashrc for user environment variables, affects new
		processes.
     2  cntlm
		Stop/Start CNTLM proxy service.  The current implementation does
		not affect the CNTLM proxy server setting.
     3  cshrc
     		Updates .cshrc for user environment variables, affects new
		processes.
     4  curlrc
     		Updates .curlrc configuration file for user
     5  dropbox
     		Restart DropBox program with updated environment
     6  git
                Updates the Git global configuration setting
     7  gnome
          	Updates Gnome Global setting for GTK native (desktop)
		applications.
     8  kde
     		Updates KDE kio setting and signal dbus to update KDE/qt native 
		Desktop applications of proxy setting change.
     9  root_bashrc
		Updates .bashrc for root environment variables, affects new
		processes.
    10  root_curl
		Updates .curlrc configuration file for root
    11  s3cmd
    		Updates s3cmd configuration file setting for proxy
    12  sys-apt
		Updates configuration file for apt-get etc.  Requires root priv
    13  sysenvironment
		Updates /etc/environment configuration file for desktop 
                applications.  Generally this requires logout/login.
    14  sysproxy-suse
		Updates System-wide proxy setting /etc/sysconfig/proxy
    15  sys-yum
 		Updates System-wide proxy setting for Yum package manager   
    16  virtualbox
		Updates VirtualBox management proxy setting via VBoxManage
    17  wgetrc
    		Updates .wgetrc configuration file for user
    18  wine_ie
		Uses the WINE regedit to set the IE proxy setting.


Prerequisites
-------------
This program does not have much along the lines of prerequisites.  A working 
Linux system will likely have everything that is needed, but Core Utils are
required, as well as a Bourne Again (bash) compatible shell.

While the software will work without a proxy server somewhere, or even a 
working network, it would be rather pointless.  A locally installed proxy 
server such as CNTLM is suggested as that was what this program was originally
developed for.  ProxyManager does not care what the proxy server software is or
whether it is local or elsewhere on the network:  It simply turns the setting 
to use the Proxy server on or off for each application.

Initial Installation
--------------------
The following actions need to be performed as root:

1. Change directory to where you want to install ProxyManager, try
    cd /usr/local
2. Extract the archive.  It will create a proxymanager/ directory
        and some sub-directories.
    tar xvf ~/Downloads/ProxyManager-v0.1.tar
3. Set up Proxymanager.  Try:
    cd /usr/local/proxymanager/
    ./proxymanager-setup

   The script will create a configuration file and prompt for which of the
   included modules  are to be enabled.
    
Alternatively to manually configure ProxyManager refer to

See docs/INSTALLATION for information on upgrading and manual configuration of 
ProxyManager.
    
Configuration
-------------
   The main ProxyManager configuration is stored in a file named 
   /etc/proxymanager.conf
   
   Per-user settings are possible via the .proxymanrc file in the user's home 
   directory.
   
 See the docs/MANUAL for more information on this file.

Modules
-------
ProxyManager comes with a standard set of Modules to manage various programs.
You may choose which modules to enable/disable, depending on what programs you
have installed and want to control with ProxyManager.

Modules are simply shell scripts which automate three basic tasks
 o Turn the "Use Proxy" setting for a program ON
 o Turn the "Use Proxy" setting for a program off.
 o Report whether a program is currently set to use a proxy server

A script is included to automate the enabling or disabling of modules.  It
requires root permissions to create or remove the links in the installation
directory.

Enable the specified module called "modulename" (Create links for it).
  proxymanager-module enable modulename

Display a list of available modules which exist in
    the $PM_INSTALL_DIR/modules directory
  proxymanager-module avail

See docs/MANUAL for information on manually configuring modules.

How to create a custom Module for ProxyManager is documented in the file
  docs/MODULE_HOWTO.
  
  Note: You are more than welcome to contribute your ProxyManager modules for
  inclusion in future versions.


