     ProxyManager To-Do list
  ==============================

Firefox
-------
One of the main limitations is that currently there is no graceful way of 
changing the proxy settings of a running Firefox instance.  As a result there 
is no ProxyManager module for Firefox, which is probably the single biggest
shortcomming of this tool.

Currently Firefox doesn't have a way to be prompted into re-reading its 
configuration files while running.  A workaround may be to kill Firefox, change
its configuration, and then re-start it.  This method does not sit well with me
but if there is demand for it, it can be done.  DropBox uses this style of 
management, but the way in which it works means this method of changing its
proxy configuration is less intrusive.

Some Modules (eg KDE) assume that the proxy have been configured at least once 
and that the setting can simply be toggled on/off.  "Install"-mode modules are
needed to configure the proxy setting initially in these cases.

There is currently no convenient way change the proxy server 
and/or port.  ProxyManager to this end supports use of a single Proxy via the 
PM_PROXY_HOST and PM_PROXY_PORTsettings, specified in the config file. A future
enhancement to support profiles and/or multiple proxy servers, and servers for 
different protocols, may also in future be supported.

Modules which require root-priv to change settings often don't require it to
just report the current value.  Often configuration file can be read by normal
users so root privs is not required to check the status for many modules.

The existing CNTLM module stops and starts the CNTLM service.  This is an 
exception to the rule - For other programs the module changes the setting of 
the Proxy Server to use.  In future this modules may be amended to in stead set
the upstream proxy to be used.

Include scripts to acticate a specific profile depending on the network comming
online (integration with Network Manager).  This will require making
ProxyManager's main script less dependant on interactive use (eg password for
root, using currently logged in user to determine what user to operate on)

Additional Modules
------------------
More modules are needed, besides the above mentioned Mozilla Firefox module,
e.g for
 o csh
 o bourne shell
 o Support for system global settings for more distributions
 o Apache?
 o Squid (upstream proxy setting)
 o Upstream proxy setting for various proxy/caching clients

Newly implemented (not thoroughly tested) modules
 o Yum
 o Wine (Specifically for IE and friends, eg via Wine Registry)
 o Gnome

For more information, see the Bugs/Enhancement requests at: 
   https://github.com/Tahaan/proxymanager/issues

   